1. Which of the following is/are true about git? (Select all that apply.)

Once you have cloned one of the course example repositories from Github, you will have local access to every change that was ever pushed to that repository in Github. -OK

Git uses a .gitignore file to define file/directory names and patterns that you do not want managed by Git.-OK


2. Given the Course 1, Module 2 Github repository is located at the following url - https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course1-module2 - what is the command that will obtain a local instance of the repository?

git clone -OK

3. What Git properties should be set prior to checking code into your repository? (Select all that apply.)
user.name -OK

user.email -OK

4.What is the default branch for a new repository?
Master -OK

5. Given the output of the "git status" command below, what is the state of "test.rb"?
Untracked file not managed by git. -OK

6. Given the output of the "git diff test.rb" command below, what is the state of "test.rb"?
text "world" was added -OK

7. Which commands will revert the change made below so that we go back to the previous checked-in state? (Select all that apply.)


8. You have accidentally deleted test.rb. Which commands will restore the file to its previous committed state? (Select all that apply.)

git checkout -- test.rb  -OK

9.You are told to push your master branch to https://git.repo.com/stuff.git . What is the command to add this remote url to your repository?

git remote add repo https://git.repo.com/stuff.git -OK

10. You are told to update your master branch for the Module 2 course examples located at the following URL: https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course1-module2 . Given the state of the repository below, what is the command to update your copy of the examples?

git pull origin master -OK

11. What abbreviation is used to describe the function of Git? (Select all that apply)



12.What are the advantages of Git being a Distributed Version Control System? (Select all that apply)

Backups are trivial -OK

Internet connection is not required for common Git operations -OK



